Your mother's condition suddenly worsened
Need immediate rescue
I asked where you were
What are you doing? Come to the hospital
I'll be right there.
Hello, Mr. Si, he came out of the Public Security Bureau
I should have received the message from the hospital.
Sit well
He took a taxi on the side of the road
Do you want him to take my car to the hospital?
Pay attention to the words
Not sitting, but afraid
Mr. Su means to bump into it
Then take him to the hospital
Do business with Xiaohui immediately for medical surgery
Don't let him have any chance to speak
It's very close to the Public Security Bureau.
What kind of person?
Something happened to me